(The morning of the last day of 'Hi High' music video filming!)
(The members saying 'hi' to this LOOΠΔ TV camera!)
Choerry: Okay, it's been a long time since Choerry and Go Won got back together in front of the camera!
Go Won: Choe Go~
(Goosebumps!)
*최고(Choigo) means 'the best' in Korean
Choerry: Today is the the very last day for a music video filming!
Choerry: I'm feeling sad because it's the last day~
Choerry: Ah.. excuse me, are you going to take Go Won?
(Go Won has to go to fix her make up)
Choerry: She's gone~
Choerry: Kim Lip is here!
Kim Lip: Hello~
(But Choerry has to go now...)
(Finally Kim Lip took the camera)
Kim Lip: Well, hey~
Kim Lip: HaSeul is looking at me shrewdly next to me~
Kim Lip: And now she's coming closer!
(Lip PD and Seul PD are competing to get the camera!)
HeeJin: Hello~
HeeJin: Is this the beginning of it?
HeeJin: It's the last day of our music video filming
HeeJin: See you later on the rooftop~
(It's the beginning of the LOOΠΔ TV episodes for the last day of 'Hi High' music video filming)